= capistrano-unicorn-init

Capistrano plugin that provides support for managing Unicorn! via an init
script and capistrano.

WARNING: This is a very new plugin/gem and will likely change drastically.
However, it works (for us) and we'd be happy to get your input!

== Usage

=== Setup

Add the library to your `Gemfile`:

```ruby
group :development do
  gem 'capistrano-unicorn-init', :require => false
end
```

And load it into your deployment script `config/deploy.rb`:

```ruby
require 'capistrano-unicorn-init'
```

To setup the init file:
```ruby
cap unicorn:setup
```

Create a new configuration file `config/unicorn.rb` or `config/unicorn/STAGE.rb`, where stage is your deployment environment.

Example config - [examples/unicorn.rb](https://github.com/ValencePM/capistrano-unicorn-init/blob/master/examples/unicorn.rb). Please refer to unicorn documentation for more examples and configuration options.

To deploy the unicorn config file:
```ruby
cap unicorn:update_config
```

You may want to automatically update the config file when you deploy:
```ruby
after 'deploy:restart', 'unicorn:update_config'
```

Add unicorn restart task hook:
```ruby
after 'deploy:restart', 'unicorn:upgrade'  # app preloaded
```

== Thanks

A big thanks to @sosedoff (capistrano-unicorn) @railsmachine (moonshine) for
inspiration (and a bit of code I may have borrowed).

== Contributing to capistrano-unicorn-init

* Check out the latest master to make sure the feature hasn't been implemented or the bug hasn't been fixed yet.
* Check out the issue tracker to make sure someone already hasn't requested it and/or contributed it.
* Fork the project.
* Start a feature/bugfix branch.
* Commit and push until you are happy with your contribution.
* Make sure to add tests for it. This is important so I don't break it in a future version unintentionally.
* Please try not to mess with the Rakefile, version, or history. If you want to have your own version, or is otherwise necessary, that is fine, but please isolate to its own commit so I can cherry-pick around it.

== Copyright

Copyright (c) 2013 Ryan Winograd. See LICENSE.txt for
further details.
